Peer Review Formal Draft

Where do you think the clearest statement of your classmate's interpretive "problem" is? Label it with a comment. Is your classmate's interpretive "problem" stated clearly enough for you to easily understand the interesting tension or complication that your classmate is writing about? Indicate any questions or confusions you have here as a reader, that might your classmate focus, clarify, deepen, or expand their interpretive "problem."
Question 2) Does your classmate fairly and effectively summarize the project of the text your classmate is writing about? As a reader, did you have any reactions that might help your classmate make their summary of the project more fair or complete?
Question 3) Is your classmate's presentation of evidence from the text clear and convincing? Does your classmate's exploration of the evidence also amount to the kind of "weighing of options, a sorting through of possibilities" that Harris described? (Harris 25). Describe one or two places where as a reader you weren't sure the presentation of evidence was as effective as it could be, and if you can, indicate why.
Question 4) Does the essay demonstrate sufficient generosity to show it has taken the text's arguments seriously and delved into the underlying assumptions involved? As a reader, did you feel there were places where your classmate could further explore the richness and ambiguity of the subject matter?
Question 5) Based on the overall essay, but also on your classmate's closing paragraphs in particular, where are they exploring or making any large claim(s)? Label that spot or those areas in the text with one or more comment(s). Do you have suggestions for how they could deepen or expand their claims further? Do the essay’s claims demonstrate listening rhetoric that seeks to deepen or expand understanding of the underlying assumptions involved? Brainstorm for a few sentences about what additional and/or deeper directions you think your classmate could consider going with their claim. In particular:
Is your classmate assessing the uses and limits of the text, rather than just criticizing or praising it?
Are there additional opposite, or different, claims that your classmate needs to take into account as counter-arguments?
Are there other ways of seeing your classmate's interpretive "problem" that come to your mind, that your classmate may not have noticed yet?
Question 6) Does your classmate's essay offer clear motive—why we should care about what they are saying? As a reader was there anything in the essay, or any potential aspect of the subject matter, that might make you care more?
Add 1 or 2 other higher-order concerns you want to convey to your classmate about your experience as a reader, that you feel can help them with their revision process.
Finally, list any remaining questions you were left with as a reader.
Additional notes about giving feedback:
We will be doing peer workshopping in every progression this semester, so think about this as the practice round. Not only are you attempting to help your peer by providing feedback on their draft, but you are honing your own skills as a critical thinker and essay writer by looking closely at another writer's work.
Overall: The following sorts of feedback are not particularly helpful: "I agree/disagree with you because…" or "I think you're wrong because…" or "I think you're writing style needs work because ..." Nor is attention to grammar or syntax necessary at this point. Instead:
Identify potential areas for further development in your classmate's draft, and suggest possibilities for developing these ideas into fuller, more complex ideas.
Ask questions that could help your peer step forward in their writing processes. Think about whether the passage(s) your peer chose are important for critical inquiry, and for understanding the text as a whole, and whether your peer has demonstrated close reading skills.
If you don't like something that's happening in your classmate's drafts, feel free to say so, but: rather than just saying "I don't like this part," as a reviewer you need to dig down and try to identify—as we’ve done before—why you are having the reaction that you are having. For example, is the author making a promise or setting up an expectation that later isn't being met, leaving you feeling frustrated? Try to identify what exactly is going on in your own internal experience.
Continued on next page ...
Remember, write the letter in your classmate's P1 Project Document, at the end, after their Formal Draft and bullet points requesting feedback.
