## Reading Responses

For **each of the 14 assigned essays**, you will write a response of about **100-300 words**. These responses are meant to direct your attention to the **style and form of the essays**, as well as to provide practice on various **reading and writing skills**. Often these responses will feed directly into your essay writing. You will submit each response to the **collective Google Doc** for each essay (found under the Reading Response folder on our Google Site). Please write your name (in bold), and then paste the response into the document. The shared document allows you to read your peer's responses and begin a conversation about the essay even before our discussion in class.

You will find the prompt for each reading response under the "Reading Assignments" tab on our Google Site. I suggest that for each essay, you **first read the essay on your own**, heavily annotating the essay and marking any questions or discussion points you have. Then read through the reading prompt and **read the essay once again** with that prompt in mind. Then write your response and copy-paste it to the Google Doc.  

The responses are graded pass/fail, and count towards your participation grade. Every missed or late response will deduct one point from that grade. The responses are due by 10:10 (class time) every reading day, though I encourage you to submit responses the night before class, so that your peers (and I) have time to read through all the responses before our discussion.

Keep in mind that these responses are informal, and not graded for style/structure/content, etc. They are a low-stakes assignment in which you are encouraged to discover your ideas through exploratory writing. You should not spend more than 45 minutes per response. While I don't want responses to consume your time, this does not mean you can submit bullet-points or half-hearted attempts either. Making the most of responses will  better prepare you not only for class discussion but also for progression essays.
