##Admin

- Exploratory draft due Wednesday
- Papers will be returned soon - hopefully by thursday
- Pick formal draft workshop people (will be due tuesday 7/4)
- keng and kevin will be doing p2 workshops

##Speed Proposal Workshop
- Everyone has 7-8 minutes, we'll discuss your P2 exhibit and idea as a class
- We can put art on the projector if that's easier
- If you know you want to work on one exhibit, then don't need to bring up other 2 from proposal. If you're still deciding between 2 or 3, then you can explain your thoughts so far.

##Yes/No/Okay But
- Everyone pick a template from the reading and apply it to your two chosen essays
- You can either pick one template for each essay, or pick one template that combines both essays
(Whereas X argues that ___ and Y argues ____, both overlook what Z shows ___ ; X's argument ___ helps us to understand ___ about Z, while Y's argument ___ helps us to understand ___ about Z)
- These are helpful because they force us to respond to the essays. We shouldn't just be reiterating what the essays say and mapping them directly onto the exhibit. There should be a more complicated back and forth. On the other hand, you want to be careful not to be evaluative, and you want to be careful about how you're using the exhibit to discuss the essays. This is especially true when we start getting into science fiction. So the most common mistake I've gotten is with Turing, which we're not teaching. But something like "in this film, this robot passes the Turing test but still clearly isn't intelligent, so Turing is wrong." Fiction can't prove an argument like that wrong. So maybe a similar argument would be like "in this film, there is a cyber doppelganger but it doesn't take over like Ford says it will, so Ford is wrong." Ford's argument can't be wrong because a fictional work is showing a different potential world. what you can do "this film explores this about the cyber doppelganger, which is something Ford might have not considered"

absent: mitchell
very late: augustine 
