##Admin
- Formal draft due next Wednesday
- No class on Monday

##Yes/No/Okay
- First check to make sure we're engaging our essays in a conversation. To do this, select templates from yes/no/okay/maybe and apply it to your selected essays
- Everyone pick a template from the reading and apply it to your two chosen essays
- You can either pick one template for each essay, or pick one template that combines both essays
(Whereas X argues that ___ and Y argues ____, both overlook what Z shows ___ ; X's argument ___ helps us to understand ___ about Z, while Y's argument ___ helps us to understand ___ about Z)
- These are helpful because they force us to respond to the essays. We shouldn't just be reiterating what the essays say and mapping them directly onto the exhibit. There should be a more complicated back and forth. On the other hand, you want to be careful not to be evaluative, and you want to be careful about how you're using the exhibit to discuss the essays. This is especially true when we start getting into science fiction. So the most common mistake I've gotten is with Turing, which we're not teaching. But something like "in this film, this robot passes the Turing test but still clearly isn't intelligent, so Turing is wrong." Fiction can't prove an argument like that wrong. So maybe a similar argument would be like "in this film, there is a cyber doppelganger but it doesn't take over like Ford says it will, so Ford is wrong." Ford's argument can't be wrong because a fictional work is showing a different potential world. what you can do "this film explores this about the cyber doppelganger, which is something Ford might have not considered".

##Working towards formal draft
- We're going to try to get one formal paragraph completed and edited in the rest of class today. I know a lot of you have trouble with writing formal drafts, so we're going to use our class time to force us into writing.
1. Take a few minutes to look over your exploratory draft. Select an idea that you definitely want to use in your formal draft. Try to select something that will require some kind of quote or evidence. This could be a close reading of your exhibit, an explanation of one of the essays, a comparison between the essays, or a comparison between your exhibit and one of the essays.
2. Identify the main point you want to get across in this paragraph.
3. Is there a quote(s) you will use in this paragraph? How much of this quote do you need to provide for the reader to understand this new idea? More than one sentence? A full sentence? Just parts of a sentence? Just a few words? Write the exact parts of the quote you'll need.
4. Are you using some kind of other evidence in this paragraph? For example, a specific description of your exhibit or an aspect of your exhibit? Write up that evidence.
5. Start building your paragraph around this quote and/or evidence. If you'll be including a quote, introduce the quote and then reiterate it in your own words. If you'll be including some other kind of evidence, make sure you've fully described it for your reader.
6. Now start adding your own ideas and interpretation to this scaffolding. Explain why this quote is significant for the reader to understand. Add a challenge, agreement, or complication of the ideas in the quote. If you've including evidence from your exhibit, then write a sentence or two of analysis.
7. Repeat this process (if you need two separate quotes or pieces of evidence for example) and then link parts together.
8. Add an introductory sentence and concluding sentence. If you don't know where this paragraph will be in the paper yet (so can't transition from another paragraph yet), you can just announce the main point of this paragraph in the introductory sentence. Try to differentiate between your introductory and concluding sentence. Your concluding sentence should move slightly beyond your introductory paragraph (you can, for example, signal a jumping off point for the next paragraph).

late: shyan
absent: augustine
