##Admin
- If you don't have a Google Cardboard, buy one today! You need to be watching VR films starting Wednesday, as you edit your P2 draft. We're entering the most work intensive part of the semester. Remember that late drafts deduct points from your final draft grade, so be sure to stay on top of everything.
- I'll be trying to turn around your formal drafts tomorrow, by Saturday at the latest so you have a week to work on them. They are due Sunday 7/16
- Monday you have a reading question due, the reading for Monday will serve as a model for P3 and a potential source for your research paper. As you're reading, think about the research process - how she might have found sources, how she puts the sources together, etc


##Workshops 1 & 2 (60 min)

##Paramedic Method (30 min)

Sentence:

Central to our understanding of the nature of the relationships which exist between human
beings in Daniel Defoe’s eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe is a careful consideration
of the passage in which the print of a human foot is seen by Crusoe on the shore.

Paramedic Method:

1. Circle the prepositions (of, in, about, for, onto, into)
2. Draw a box around the "is" verb forms
3. Ask, "Where's the action?"
4. Change the "action" into a simple verb
5. Ask, "Who's doing the action"
6. Move the doer into the subject (Who's kicking whom)
7. Eliminate any redundancies.

Rewrite:
When we carefully consider the passage in which Crusoe sees a human footprint on the shore, we can better understand the relationships in Daniel Defoe's eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe.

Look for lengthy sentence in formal draft. Ask for volunteer to write sentence on board.

If you need more help with this, check out "Revising Style" reading on our reading folder.

late: mitchell
absent: izzy 
