##Admin
- If you do not have a Google Cardboard yet, talk to me after class
- Exploratory draft due next Monday - the longer you're unsure about your research topic, the harder it will be to get 4 strong sources
- For Wednesday, we have another reading. This text is not strictly about virtual reality, but still might be applied to virtual reality. So we'll discuss the text, but then also think about how we might apply her ideas to VR. I want to practice incorporating sources that aren't strictly in line with your research topic - resources beyond what you'd get by simply googling virtual reality

##P2 Free-Write (10 minutes)
- How do you think your writing improved from P1 to P2?
- Was P2 more or less difficult than P1? Why? (Maybe just difficult in different ways)
- What do you still need to work on with your writing? What didn't improve as much as you would like?
- What are your concerns/what are you excited about for P3?

##Finish TMR exercise (20 minutes)

##Research Guide
- Go under resources on google Site
- Ask for volunteer research topic. Key words: virtual reality and [ ]
- Background:
  - Literati by Credo - aggregate of reference books
  - Gale Virtual Reference Library - more like encyclopedias
- Books on CLIO:
  - Use the Databases link to find specific databases (JSTOR, LexisNexis, etc).
  - Keyword search: virtual reality
  - Keyword search: virtual reality AND []
  - Subject search: virtual reality > media
  - Advanced search: enables you to limit by language, format, publication date, etc.
- Identifying Major Voices:
  - Google Scholar: good broad search
    - "Cited by" good tool
  - EBSCOhost Research Databases: can search across many databases at once; has ebooks; can select peer review option
  - ProQuest: another search across databases, strong news/magazines coverage - lots of dissertations
  - JSTOR: current and archived core scholarly journals - also review articles can be helpful
- Zotero good tool for managing sources, plug-in, puts together works cited at end

##Trying it out
- Really most important thing is figuring out what you're looking for to begin with - chicken/egg problem, stronger search lead to stronger results, stronger results lead to stronger search - a lot of the research process is spent looking at titles that are useless, reading articles that you won't use, etc. Some students get frustrated at this process, they expect to put in one key word into one database and find their 7 sources on the first page - it's never going to be like that. You have to accept that research involves a lot of reading around, a lot of reading you won't include, a lot of reading just to figure out where the conversation is at and where you can fit yourself into. A lot of time trying certain key words and learning there are better ones etc
- Now we're gonna try to work in pairs to find sources

late - everyone but augustine and stephen
absent - izzy 
