##Admin
- Formal draft due Monday
- Workshop responses due Monday
- Will have P2s graded and returned by Monday

##Intros and Conclusions (20 minutes)

Here's some basic formulas that might be useful:
Introductions: Context + research question + response to research question (claim)

If you want to show how you worked through the problem, you can state your main point in the conclusion. End of intro should be a launching point.

Conclusions: Answer to research question + significance of answer + call for more research

Now, that formula may seem very basic, and there certainly is a lot of variability within the formula. For example, how much context you provide depends on audience/topic. And how you want to grab your readers attention or leave reader with lasting impression requires creativity beyond this formula. The style of your introduction is especially important, since you are determining the pace and tone of your whole essay.

New Yorker Exercise (25 minutes)

- In pairs, flip through a New Yorker and agree on an essay. Find an essay (not fiction) and read just the intro and conclusion. Try to identify the rhetorical strategy of each, and write down what you think is effective about each.
Introductions:
  - Read some first lines outloud. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?
  - Think about entire introductions. Can you get a sense of what the essay will be about from the introduction? Can you grasp a claim, or does it seem the author will build to a claim?
  - What can you emulate from these introductions in your own writing?
  - Read some first lines outloud. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?
Conclusions:
  - What is different about the conclusion vs the introduction? Can you tell an entire essay has come between (not just repeating the introduction)?
  - Has it moved towards a claim? Does it provide a clear motive/the stakes of the essay?
  - Read some final lines. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?  

Then I want you to write an alternative introductory line. If, for example, you find the first quite bland and factual, you might start with a more narrative opening. Or perhaps there's a narrative opening you find melodramatic, so you want to write a more direct introductory line. You can be inventive if you want - since you don't have time to read through the whole article, you have a certain amount of creative license (you can make up a story if you want, etc). Just try, whatever you do, to stay away from cliches and over general statements.

Try to collect some of the ideas on the board.

##Cohesion and Coherence (20 minutes)

Cohesion and Coherence

Cohesion: at the sentence level. The glue between the sentences. Does each sentence flow into the next? Are there proper transitions between each sentence?

Complete handout

Coherence: at the paragraph or essay level. The logic of the entire paragraph makes sense, there is a clear, coherent purpose to the entire paragraph. The logic of the entire essay makes sense, it is about one narrow topic, it makes one clear argument.

Complete exercise

Point: you want to make sure that you transition between sentences, but also that your larger paragraph and essay also moves to a coherent idea
