##Admin
- No formal draft comments, but still should submit them so you dont get more points off

##Op-ed Prompt and checklist (10 minutes)

##NYT Piece (25 minutes)

- Read outloud the NTY piece
- Make our own Op-Ed checklist (borrow from Duke)
 - follow up questions:
  - what opinions do we respect and why? what makes for a convincing opinion? (Persuasiveness, position of the author, do they know their stuff, confidence, interesting angle, good recommendation for what we should do, it’s not just analysis) what did you find in your reading of the op-ed packets?
- Put on board and discuss  
- Important to keep in mind that an opinion is just that -- it's not a fact, it's disputable. An op-ed is not a well researched paper, like P3 -- it may easily stem from research, but doesn't show its research in the piece. An op-ed is not a letter to the editor - it's not a criticism of another piece. But just because it is opinion based, doesn't mean you can just throw down your opinions without making a case for them either.

##Dyson Discussion (25 minutes)


##Relevance/Exhibit Exercise (15 minutes)
- Everyone open up some news sites (CNN, New York Times, BBC, NPR, Wired, wherever you go to for news). Don't look at the opinion/editorial pages, but instead browse through "news" sections (you can look at political, local, international, technology news - any section). Find something that is in the news today that you can imagine writing an op-ed on. You might also just select something you've read/heard about/thought about in the past couple days and remember. Try to select something that relates in any way to science/technology, but that can be very broad (it could be, for example, the internet and something else).
- Get some examples on the board. Brainstorm different op-eds that might evolve around those topics. Try to get several different kinds of opinions around the same topic.

late: shyan
absent: augustine, kevin 
