Lesson Plan 10
Thursday 2/16

- P1 Workshop (35 minutes)
- Revising Sentences (10 minutes)
- Exhibit lesson (30 minutes)

P1 Workshop (35 minutes)

Revising Sentences (10 minutes)

Exhibit Lesson (30 minutes minutes)
- Because we have only practiced close reading with texts so far, I want to now try close reading with something other than a text (though if you want to use a text - novel, poem, short story - for P2 you definitely can); I think it would be most useful for us to think about, then, how we might close read a text or a visual work differently and similarly.
- Poetry/Art Pairings:
  - "I saw the figure 5 in gold" painting by Charles Demuth with "The Great Figure" by William Carlos Williams
  - Poem: What kinds of images are we seeing? Why do we think the poem has so few words on each line? What is the effect of this shortness? What sense do we get from it? What can we say about the first person perspective? How does time/motion work in this poem? How does language/word choice evoke other sensations?
  - Painting: What images are standing out here? How does time work here? What do we make of the colors? How is space being warped? What is in the background vs the foreground? Do you notice any parallel images? What is the effect of seeing the three fives at once? What view do you think we have here? Where are we looking from, at? What is our perspective? What do we make of the fonts, at the text in this piece?

Extra: 

Video (15 minutes)
- Watch "Sunspring" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY7x2Ihqjmc)
- As we're watching, try to jot down at least one moment that you might be worth exploring in detail; this could be a line/dialogue that is particularly strange or something about the cinematography (so visual effects, costumes, music, acting, film editing, etc); after we're done watching i'll give you a couple minutes to flesh out some ideas about it
- Free-write: what is particularly striking to you about this moment? how might it comment on the greater project of the film? either to do with AI or just the larger narrative of the story?
