Lesson Plan 10
Thursday 2/16

- P1 Workshop (35 minutes)
- Revising Sentences (10 minutes)
- Exhibit lesson (30 minutes)

Video (15 minutes)
- Watch "Sunspring" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY7x2Ihqjmc)
- As we're watching, try to jot down at least one moment that you might be worth exploring in detail; this could be a line/dialogue that is particularly strange or something about the cinematography (so visual effects, costumes, music, acting, film editing, etc); after we're done watching i'll give you a couple minutes to flesh out some ideas about it
- Free-write: what is particularly striking to you about this moment? how might it comment on the greater project of the film? either to do with AI or just the larger narrative of the story?

Dennett Discussion (20 minutes)
- less explicitly related to artificial intelligence than the other readings, but i do think there are interesting connections to be made, as we have seen AI unsettles/points out certain assumptions we have about our own minds/selves, and this is another potential avenue into this conversation (thinking not just about whether machines think, but whether/how we think)
- so i want to discuss places of intersection
- go through the dennett and find a passage that reminded you of questions raised by Hofstadter, turing, or searle; this doesn't have to be explicit, but can be implicit; just mark the passage and jot down the connection you see (5 minutes)

Workshop Exhibits (30 minutes)
- Split into groups of 4/5/5
- Everyone will have 6 or 7.5 minutes to discuss their potential exhibits; I'm going to ask that someone in the group actually keeps time, just so everyone has an equal amount of time
- Everyone should do what is most useful for them; so if you pretty much know that you're going to do one of the potential exhibits, then you can just discuss that one; but if you're still deciding and want to go over all three briefly, that's great also
- Present briefly to your group the exhibit(s) you've selected, how you're thinking of relating them to the conversation/texts we've been reading, what you think will be most productive about these exhibits, what you're worried about with these exhibits; do you have anything specific about these exhibits and their intersection with the conversation yet? do you have a vague idea about what direction you might go in with them?
- Group response: what do you see as potentially fruitful about this exhibit? what do you see as potential limitations to this exhibit? do you think it relates directly enough to the readings? do you think it will yield itself to an interpretive problem and claim that adds something new to the conversation? is it dynamic enough to be interpreted richly? is it, or the specific aspect of it in question, too expansive to interpret in a short paper?

Go over exploratory draft (remainder of class)
- First really focus on fleshing out the exhibit, potential interpretive problems, potential connections to the readings; explore various formal and content-related elements of the exhibit
- Next, try to work towards a specific interpretive problem and claim; try to really flesh out at least one, specific formal element of the exhibit in relation to the conversation
- reiterate again low stakes, and mention that peer review should really not be critical, so i don't want people to be writing more anxiously with the peer review mind
