Lesson Plan 11

- Grandin Presentation and Discussion (35 minutes)
- Exhibit Lesson (30 minutes)
- Discuss proposals (10 minutes)

Office hours this Thursday will be 1:30-3:30

Grandin Presentation and Discussion (25 minutes)
- Additional Questions:
  - How do we think about Grandin in relation to Sacks?

Conversation (15)
- Let's just collect key terms that have come up so far in class, they can be general or specific
- Write Turing, Jamison, Martin, Hofstadter, Sacks, Grandin on board

Exhibit Lesson (30 minutes)
- An exhibit can be a text, a film, an event, a performance, a speech, an image, or anything that can be interpreted and carries the potential for rich analysis. While an example merely affirms an argument, an exhibit is dynamic; indeed, the exhibit itself may raise problems with our status quo understanding.
- When looking for an exhibit you want to look for something that can be interpreted in various ways. As in P1, you want to look for something that has a tension, contradiction, or ambiguity that you can make a claim about, a claim which someone else could disagree with you on.
- For your P2 proposal, I have you consider the manageability, relevance, and ambivalence of potential exhibits.
  - Is the exhibit, or the aspect of the exhibit you are examining, too expansive or too restrictive? Can it easily be explained for an unfamiliar reader, so that you can move quickly to your interesting claims about it?
  - Does it really relate to the conversation, or do you really have to stretch to make it relate? A stretch can okay, but if you have to spend the majority of your paper simply justifying why the exhibit might be thought of as relating to artificial intelligence, and don't actually get around to fleshing out the interesting connections, then you might want to choose a more straightforward example.
  - Finally, is the exhibit ambivalent - which is to say again, can it be interpreted in multiple different ways?
- Now I have three examples of visual art up. We're going to go through all three of them and discuss the manageability, relevance, and ambivalence of each of them

- 3 exhibits:
  - Koko the gorilla (phenomenon): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oh1uhrdc6w&t=394s 18:50-22:00
  - Google's deep dream (art) GCHQ (headquarters of the British intelligence agency, British NSA)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government_Communications_Headquarters#/media/File:GCHQ-aerial.jpg
   http://www.memo.tv/wpdev/wp-content/uploads/memo_akten_inception_4b_c3_9_1920x1080.jpg
  - Star Trek: https://www.netflix.com/watch/70177897?trackId=13752289&tctx=0%2C0%2C1abba18612d2b1e1bb979a65faa98b2db70b1a74%3A8cf082d168830105b346b1421dc900c54d7b10f0 34:30-38:00

For each:
- What texts might you read this with? What conversation would you be entering?
- How relevant is it to that conversation?
- Is the exhibit ambivalent?
- Is it manageable?

KoKo the gorilla: ambivalence: how do we interpret a phenomenon? we have to find something that is ambivalent. this can be tricky, because we don't have koko in front of us, and we have to have proof. we also don't just want to use her to prove that animals are intelligent -- remember the exhibit is not meant to simply prove one of the essays, it's meant to complicate the conversation. manageability: what exactly about koko would you look at? don't want to just do all of koko (so maybe the kitten example specifically, maybe another trait of hers, maybe part of her history, maybe the public fight around her) relevance: pretty easy to relate to grandin, also jamison, perhaps maybe sacks, perhaps also martin

Google's deep dream: ambivalence: how can we interpret something that a machine made? what are we interpreting exactly? that's part of the question though. manageability: is it too narrow? can you discuss the eye(s) for the whole time? relevance: related to turing and hofstadter, but perhaps not more expansive than that

Data trial: ambivalence: you don't want to just use this as a "proof" that machines can be intelligent! i'm right away forbidding any paper whose thesis is simply this sci-fi film proves that machines are intelligent. it can't prove it, and it's not really adding anything to the conversation. so what is this exhibit doing differently, how is it adding to the conversation? perhaps you could discuss the idea of a trial for rights, for example - what comes first, rights or acknowledgement of sentience? in that case you could combine grandin and turing. manageability: perhaps the most manageable of the exhibits, especially if you were to focus on this particular moment in the episode (though you should watch the whole episode). relevance: pretty relevant to turing, could also connect to grandin and jamison
