Lesson Plan 11
10.11

- Introduction (7 minutes)
- Quote reflection exchange exercise (30 minutes)
- Levels of quotation (10 minutes)
- ICE (10 minutes)
- Short video (5 minutes)
- Discuss next week

Introduction to Quotes (7 minutes)

- Now that we've spent several classes acquainting ourselves with the academic conversation surrounding AI, I want to further discuss how we can engage in that conversation via our exhibit. How do we formulate an original argument about our chosen exhibits that adds something new to the AI conversation? How do we use the sources alongside our exhibit to flesh out that argument? As I'm reading your P1 papers, I'm noticing two things that everyone is still struggling with:
    1. **Evaluative vs analytical arguments** (assessing the strengths and weaknesses of argument, rather than analyzing the relationship between content and form); it might be even more tempting for some of you to want to prove or disprove an argument in this progression; but I want you to keep in mind that the goal of this progression, as in last progression, is not to argue for or against the authors (for example, for whether machines can think or not). Rather the goal is to analyze an exhibit which raises an interpretive problem, a problem whose interpretation has an interesting implication for some aspect of the conversation. The best place to start, as with P1, is to hone in a specific moment or formal pattern in your exhibit and close read.
    2. **Engaging with quotes** Quotes should never be thrown in to a paper and forgotten about. A good test for this is whether, if you covered up the quote, a reader would notice that a quote even is there. Quotes for close reading (so quotes from exhibits) should be included as long as you are actually going to close read the quote. If you have a particularly long quote, it should be because you have something to say about each line of the quote. Quotes for support (so the readings for P2 that you'll be using to talk about your exhibit) should be treated similarly. That is, you should only include a support quote if you are specifically going to engage with that quote in relation to your exhibit. The same finger rule applies here. You don't want to just do something like, this robot is intelligent, as turing says "two sentence quote about turing and intelligence," then move on

- We're going to spend today talking about quotes (so problem 2), but I want to stress that the two problems are often connected. That is, if you are simply trying to prove or disprove another's argument, rather than develop a more complicated and nuanced reading of a text, you'll be tempted to just throw in quotes that "prove your point" rather than slow down and tease out the various implications of a quote. Instead, I want to encourage you to think about your paper as a kind of skin, and any quote as a graft you're applying to the skin; incorporate another's words into your words - this doesn't mean plagiarize - but engage with their terms, engage with their language, engage with their specific ideas.

Quote Exercise (30 minutes)

Okay, so let's begin with an exercise. I want you to all open you P2 Project Files, and make a new section called "Quotation Exercise"
- Select a quote from Turing, Hofstadter, Searle, Dennett central to your thinking about your exhibit. This could be a quote you've already included in your exploratory draft, or maybe one you just had in mind. Type up the quote and list the page number. Definitely should not be longer than 3 sentences. (5 minutes)
- Underneath, reflect on the quote. Summarize your interpretation of the quote’s implications for your own ideas and topic. What is the author saying and how does this relate to your saying? How is this particular quote useful for your particular analysis of your exhibit? Rather than fully digress into your own exhibit analysis, stay close to the quote and think about grafting -- incorporating the quote into your analysis. (10 minutes)
- Exchange with person sitting next to you. As responder, read through both quote and the reflection. Beneath, raise 3 questions that call into doubt the connections between your peer's ideas and the author's. How do the quote and the reflection differ or even come into conflict? Is your peer missing any important language or ideas in the quote? Do they need to make their connections more explicit? Are they beginning to graft the quote onto their own ideas, or is there still a gap? (10 minutes)
- Read over your peer's feedback, and think about how you would answer these questions. Take a few minutes to respond. (5 minutes)

Level of Quotation (10 minutes)
- Think about the length of the quote, how much of the quote you really need. Do you need a whole sentence, or only a few words? Could you even paraphrase? In that, case, are you really engaging with the author's own terms?

ICE (10 minutes)
- Apply to ICE to this quote (scaffolding, don't have to do a precise working through of it - since this could change given the position of the quote in your essay - but, think, how would introduce this quote? how would i cite it? engage with it after?)

Final Things
- Go over peer review prompt
- For next class: read the TMR essays and write in margins what each paragraph is doing (we'll be making an outline like last class) (i.e. presenting claim, introducing evidence, close-reading, providing counter-argument)
