LP 12
2/23

- Workshop (35 minutes)
- ICE lesson (30 minutes)
- Exploratory Draft (10 minutes)

Workshop (35 minutes)

ICE Lesson (30 minutes)
Adapt this into a shorter/easier exercise:

Quotes should never be thrown in to a paper and forgotten about. A good test for this is whether, if you covered up the quote, a reader would notice that a quote even is there. Quotes for close reading (so quotes from exhibits) should be included as long as you are actually going to close read the quote. If you have a particularly long quote, it should be because you have something to say about each line of the quote. Quotes for support (so the readings for P2 that you'll be using to talk about your exhibit) should be treated similarly. That is, you should only include a support quote if you are specifically going to engage with that quote in relation to your exhibit. The same finger rule applies here.

How you use quotes is related to whether you are making an evaluative or analytical argument. That is, if you are simply trying to prove or disprove another's argument, rather than develop a more complicated and nuanced reading of a text, you'll be tempted to just throw in quotes that "prove your point" rather than slow down and tease out the various implications of a quote. Instead, I want to encourage you to think about your paper as a kind of skin, and any quote as a graft you're applying to the skin; incorporate another's words into your words - this doesn't mean plagiarize - but engage with their terms, engage with their language, engage with their specific ideas.

- Think about the length of the quote, how much of the quote you really need. Do you need a whole sentence, or only a few words? Could you even paraphrase? In that, case, are you really engaging with the author's own terms?

- Apply to ICE to this quote (scaffolding, don't have to do a precise working through of it - since this could change given the position of the quote in your essay - but, think, how would introduce this quote? how would i cite it? engage with it after?)

Exercise: Give them an argument, along with a block quote. Then give three examples of source engagement. Discuss which is best, worst, etc.  


Go over exploratory draft (remainder of class)
- First really focus on fleshing out the exhibit, potential interpretive problems, potential connections to the readings; explore various formal and content-related elements of the exhibit
- Next, try to work towards a specific interpretive problem and claim; try to really flesh out at least one, specific formal element of the exhibit in relation to the conversation
- reiterate again low stakes, and mention that peer review should really not be critical, so i don't want people to be writing more anxiously with the peer review mind
