Lesson Plan 13
Tuesday 2/28

Schedule:
- Slater Presentation and Discussion (30 minutes)
- Exhibit and Slater discussion (20 minutes)
- Citations (20 min)

Work on Small-Scale Transitions (15 minutes)
- First, let's talk about transitions.This is an area I think you all can work on. As Graff and Birkenstein discuss in "As a Result", which you read last week, transitions are not merely  rhetorical flourishes, though they certainly do make reading easier. They also ensure that you have thought out the connection between your ideas, that you know how one idea relates to another. You can't just stick any transition in - there is a major difference between "however" and "furthermore", one indicates a complication of an idea and one introduces support for an idea.
- Remember from "As a Result" craft text, Graff and Birkenstein talk about 3 ways to connect sentences:
  1. Use pointing words (transition words)
  2. Repeat key terms and phrases
  3. Repeat yourself with a difference ("in other words..." repeat )
- Have them edit transitions from OWL handout in pairs (10 minutes); read through these examples and try to rephrase sentences so they transition. You can use the transitional words, or you can use repetition, or some combination. As you'll see, this might be tricky because you might not be able to understand the exact relation between the sentences, so it's okay to guess.

Work on Large-Scale Transition (15 minutes)
- Make an outline of formal drafts
- Add same transitional words between outline sentences

Workshop problems/claims (45 minutes)
- Split into groups of 3/3/4/4 (split them so they are with new people)
- Someone will time - 10 minutes per person, and I want everyone to really give 10 minutes - if you get through all of these questions, then the presenter can pose specific questions/problems they're facing (i.e. here's an example close reading, do you think this works?)
- Everyone will present:
  - What is the specific aspect of the exhibit that you're examining?
  - What question does the exhibit raise in relation to the conversation?
  - What claim are you making in response to that question?
- Everyone else will respond:
  - Is the question original, or is it simply repeating a question raised by one of the texts?
  - Is the question clearly related to the conversation and adding something new to it?
  - Is the claim evaluative or analytical? Does the claim simply seek to prove/disprove the authors we've read, or is it instead developing a new claim in relation to them?
  - Can you tell that close reading is guiding the project, or does the project still seem general and not grounded in specific analysis?
- Don't just go through and say - yes this is original, or no this isn't original - responders should also explain why it is or isn't original

- We're going to do Peer Review in class, so for Thursday instead the new assignment is revising your own work according to these workshops.
