Lesson Plan 14
Thursday 10.20

Works Cited Overview
Peer Review Workshop (50 minutes)

Style Workshop (20 minutes)
- Citations 

Peer Review Workshop
- 30 minutes to read and respond:

**Interpretive Problems and Claims**   
  - Is the interpretive problem original or is it simply repeating a question raised by one of the texts?
  - Is the question clearly related to the conversation and adding something new to it?
  - Is the claim evaluative or analytical? Does the claim simply seek to prove/disprove the authors we've read, or is it instead developing a new claim in relation to them?
  - By the end of the paper, has the claim been reiterated enough for you to fully understand it?   
  
**Close Readings**   
  - Are there several compelling close readings, or does the project still seem general and not grounded in specific analysis? Identify moments that could use further close reading or expanded close readings
  - Do the close readings complicate and develop the claims?
  
**Sources**   
  - Do they incorporate sources seamlessly into their paper? Do they introduce, cite, and engage with each quote?
  - Do they use each source to either provide critical background necessary to understand their eventual claim or to directly develop their claim?
  
**Structure**   
  - Does the current progression of the essay make sense to you?
  - Are connections between paragraphs clear, and does each paragraph clearly build up to or develop their claim (even if the claim isn't explicitly mentioned until later in the essay)?
- 20 minutes to discuss, 10 minutes each
