#Class Three Lesson Plan, Tuesday 9/13

##To print
- Warrant/motive handout
- exploratory draft prompt

##Class Goals
- Discuss Harris' "coming to terms" and grappling with an argument
- Introduce "warrants" and "motives" to rhetorical vocabulary
- Discuss the purpose of the exploratory draft

##Schedule
- Discuss Harris' "coming to terms" and Singer (25 minutes)
- Introduce "warrants" (10 minutes)
- Introduce "motives" (10 minutes)
- Introduce exploratory draft (5 minutes)
- Have students work with either Singer or Grandin and combine all these terms (20 minutes)

##Icebreaker (5 mins)
- Show them KoKo the Gorilla video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNuZ4OE6vCk (4:40)

##Harris "Coming to terms" and Singer (25 min)
- In pairs, read the summaries you wrote for homework together (the one with quotes). Collect Singer's key terms (that you listed in your summaries, don't look at the text yet) (7 minutes)
- Collect key terms on board and see if everyone is coming up with same ones; if people have different terms discuss why they might have gravitated towards one conceptual idea rather than another - did their interpretive problem also align with their selected terms? (8 minutes)
- Discuss the strengths/limitations of Singer's argument. (10 minutes)

##Introduce warrants (10 minutes)
- Pass out handout, go over the bridge between observation and claim; work through examples. Ask them to look at either their exercise 1 or exercise 2 observation/claim and write down a corresponding warrant.
- In Example 3, recognizing that a writer cannot state his entire belief system in a sentence gives you a chance to go through the text and try to tease out his more complete meaning. Here, you can question whether Thoreau is urging us to return to a state of nature and reject fancy new gadgets, or if he is asking something else of his reader.
- In Example 4, you can begin to explore the functions and potential of different rhetorical strategies. Here, we can ask how framing questions might or might not serve Thoreau’s argument.


##Introduce motive (10 minutes)
- Move on to motive, work through example. Ask them to now add a motive to that observation/claim/warrant.

##Introduce Exploratory Draft (5 minutes)
- We're going to work more with this exercise in a minute, but first I want to go over your exploratory draft, where you'll be expounding on an interpretive problem you've found in one of the texts so far.  
- Emphasize that this is **low-stakes** - really an opportunity to force yourself to get words on the page and start your draft. Build off your exercises and in class work, which are all designed to build up to your final essay, but also don't be afraid to ditch a bad idea if you don't like it. If you start your exploratory draft and then halfway through realize there is a more complicated/nuanced/interesting problem you'd rather explore, then you can just start a new paragraph and go down that direction instead (you don't even need to delete the other paragraphs, they might be useful in the future, even if you don't actually use them)

##Develop these terms some more (20 min)
- Take 10 minutes to discuss what you've come up with so far with a partner - your sample observation/problem/claim/warrant/motive that you've now collected. As you're listening to your partner's example, think about the following:
  - is their observation obvious to you? is it "incontestable"?
  - does their problem follow logically from their observation?
  - is their claim as complex as it can be? or is it maybe too confusing, and needs to be unpacked more?
  - is their warrant readily acceptable? do you think there is another warrant in their claim that they've missed?
  - is their motive compelling?
- Take the remaining 10 minutes to write down your partner's comments or new ideas/challenges you've realized during your conversation, to be used as stepping off points for your exploratory draft

##Reminder
- Make sure in addition to exploratory draft you read the sample TMR essay and **bring** it to class Thursday cause we're going to work with it; though the student is writing on another essay which we have not read, it is still a useful model. Write on board: As you're reading, identify the observation, problem, claim, motive, warrant of the text.   
