##Lesson 5 Tuesday 1/31

##Schedule
- Martin Discussion and Presentation (35 min)
- Discuss Martin as model essay (20 min)
- Writing Response/peer feedback discussion (10 minutes)

##Martin Presentation and Discussion (35 min)

##Martin as model follow up (20 minutes)
- Martin serves as a particularly useful model for our own essays, since she engages in close reading; for this reason, I thought we could read Martin like we did the TMR article
- What is her claim? Is it debatable? Is it original? Is it evaluative or analytical?
- How does she support her claim? How does she perform close readings? How much of the text does she need to quote? How much context does she provide? Ask the class for the passage they chose
- What is her motive? How does she make the clear for the readers?
- What are the implications of her argument?
- How does she structure this essay?
- How does she transition between ideas on the sentence level? On the paragraph level? 

##Discussion about Writing Responses (15 min)
- Freewrite: think about a good and a bad experience getting your work reviewed. what made experience good or bad? discuss and list answers on the board
- Discussion, as a writer, what do you need from your reviewers? Discuss and list on board
- Now that we've started to think about this, I want to present to you a strategy for peer reviews, which we will use throughout this course. This is called **dramatizing the presence of a reader**. What does this mean? Whenever you are reading a draft, 1) narrate your experience as a reader. This is more difficult than simply marking an idea as good or bad. Try to explain to the writer your reading experience.

Example of evaluator comment:

"This is a weak argument"

Example of editorial comment:

"This is an awkward sentence"

Example of readerly comment:

"As I read this paragraph, I understand that your trying to argue x. However, I'm having trouble understanding how y connects x."

"As I read this paragraph, I can tell that you are developing x idea. I don't see yet why x is important for me to understand."

So perhaps your first impulse as a commentator is to simply write, "this argument is weak." But by narrating your readerly experience - that is, articulating what is exactly you _do_ understand about the writer's argument - and then considering why you as a reader you need that argument expanded, justified, etc., you allow the writer to understand your experience as a reader and understand how his argument might not be as complicated as he thought. We should try to make our comments as objective as possible, not only because this avoids hurt feelings etc, but because in being objective commentators we force ourselves to be specific and more helpful commentators. Reading, of course, is never entirely objective; you're still a subjective reader on some level. But by attempting to communicate your personal reading experience as clearly as possible, you allow the writer to understand a reader's experience of his work and ultimately better improve his own writing.

2) Focus on areas that the writer wants feedback on. 4) Make response appropriate to stage of writing process. For exploratory draft, we're just looking to help the writer discover the potential of initial ideas that are on the page. Don't focus on sentence-level editing.
