#Lesson Plan 6, 9/22

##To Print
- Sample passages handout

##Goals
- Discuss why clear and communicative writing matters, and why style and grammar are important
- Establish the difference between reader and writer-based prose
- Further discuss audience (of this paper and in general)

##Schedule
- Intro (need to find a clip or something) (10 minutes)
- Discuss Orwell and why style matters (20 min)
- Discuss reader vs writer based prose (20 min)
- Style examples (15 minutes)
- Work with two formal paragraphs (10 minutes)

##Clip (10 min)
- History of English Language Animation: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3r9bOkYW9s
- Why should we care about grammar, spelling, and vocab when our language has always been evolving? (we will discuss this some more with Orwell)

##Style Discussion (20 min)
- Now that you've started your formal draft, I'd like to take today to talk about writing style. So far we've mostly focused on close reading a text, developing a sophisticated argument, and laying down the larger essay structure. But it is also important to think about your writing on the sentence level. Though grammar might seem like an arbitrary construct and style might seem like a highly subjective judgment--and often you will find different professors have different stylistic preferences--developing style and clarity in your writing is essential in order to effectively communicate with your audience and further clarify your own argument. Trimming your language down to its essentials eliminates redundancies and rhetorical crutches, establishing your actual points and revealing weak spots in your argument. Today we're going to think about the significance of our writing styles and then work through some style strategies.
- Bring out the Orwell piece that you were assigned. Take a couple minutes to free write in response to Orwell, potentially answering the following questions:
  - What do you think of Orwell's claim that bad English produces bad thoughts?
  - Do you sympathize more with Orwell's linguistic conservatism or with those who argue that such undertakings are "archaic," as he puts it? Is there a possible in between?
  - What do you think of the connection Orwell makes between writing and politics?
  - Do you find any of his five criticisms useful? Have they made you rethink your own writing style?
- Come back together and discuss the Orwell/the importance of style

##Discuss Reader vs Writer Based Prose (20 min)
- One of the ways to think about style is to think about reader vs writer based prose. Writer based prose, in the extreme, is when a writer writes with no one else in mind but himself; he does not consider his audience, he does not consider what gaps he needs to fill in for his readers, and he does not consider why his reader might be interested in reading his writing. He fails to transform private thoughts into public expression. Reader based prose, however, is when a writer writes with his reader always in mind; he tries to place himself in the position of the reader, and considers his reader's needs. He creates a shared language and context between himself and the reader. Here are two sample passages. Which one do you think is writer-based, and which one reader-based? What does the reader-based one do that the writer-based one does not?

Writer-Based Draft
Like many people, I started running two years ago. Running offers
recreation and body conditioning at limited expense. The first thing a
runner has to do is decide which shoes to buy, but the problem is knowing
what to look for. Shoes are the most important part of your equipment so
choose them well. First, there are various kinds. Track shoes are lightweight
with spikes. Road running flats, however, are sturdy, with W' to I" of
cushioning. In many shoes the soles are built up with different layers of
material. The uppers are made in various ways, some out of leather, some
out of nylon reinforced with leather, and the cheapest are made of vinyl.
The best combination is nylon with a leather heel cup.The most distinctive
thing about running shoes is the raised heel and of course, the stripes.
Although some tennis shoes now have stripes, it is important not to confuse
them with a real running shoe. All in all, a good running shoe should
combine firm foot support with sufficient flexibility.


Reader-Based Revision
Choosing a Running Shoe
Many people take up running because it is fun to get hot and sweaty and
to feel in good shape. But running is only fun if you take care of your feet.
Your running shoe will be your most important piece of running
equipment, so look for a shoe which both cushions and supports your foot.
Track shoes, which are lightweight and flimsy, with spikes for traction in
dirt, won't do. Neither will tennis shoes, which are made for balance and
quick stops, not steady pounding down the road. A good pair of shoes
starts with a thick layered sole, at least W' to I" thick. The outer layer
absorbs road shock; the inner layer cushions your foot. Another form of
cushioning is the slightly elevated heel which prevents strain on the
vulnerable Achilles tendon.
The uppers, which will support your foot, come in vinyl, which is cheaper
but can cause blisters and hot feet; in leather, which can crack with age; and
in a lightweight but more expensive nylon and leather combination. The
best nylon and leather shoes will have a thick, fitted leather heel cup which
keeps your foot from rolling and prevents twisted ankles. Make sure,
however, that your sturdy shoes are still flexible enough that you can bend
90° at the ball of your foot. Although most running shoes have stripes, not
all shoes with stripes can give you the cushioning and flexible support you
need when you run.

Okay, now if I were to give you this passage, what you would suggest to change into reader-based prose? What does it need?

[find sample passage]

##Sentence Level Style

Okay, now let's work on some sentence level changes. Pull out "Revising Style." Now you've already applied this exercise to one of your paragraphs, but let's go over a couple examples together.

[find sample bad sentences]

End note:
It's important to keep style and revising in mind as you work on your final draft; reworking your wording _as_ you write your drafts means reworking your ideas and solidifying your arguments.

Remember to complete your peer review by tomorrow evening. There are specific instructions, remember to keep in mind what we talked about before about dramatizing the reader as you review. I will have commented on all the formal drafts as well by Monday night.

Also we are starting P2 on Tuesday! The first reading is Alan Turing; it is really important that you put aside several hours this weekend to read it. It's a great read, I think my favorite text that we'll be reading all semester. But it's long and it can get a bit technical at times (nothing that you can't figure out). I'm putting up a couple videos and other resources to help you grapple with his argument. But try to read it first before you consult them. And those resources are more about explaining the actual Turing test than really getting at the meat of his piece. As you read, I want you to heavily annotate, write down any questions, etc, because we will be using our questions and notes as a spring board for Tuesday's discussion.
