##Admin
- Friday 10/20 12:30pm-2:00pm, David Blei, CS professor at Columbia, will be speaking to all the DS sections. Blei works in machine learning, and so his work is directly relevant to the questions we're considering in this class. He's going to discuss his work, but also his writing process, which I think will be very useful for those of you interested in studying science and engineering. There are two assigned readings, which we will be discussing briefly in class on Tuesday -- you have to do the readings, since we'll talk about them for class. The event is not mandatory, but strongly encouraged. There are two readings. They're both about topic modeling. One is simpler, more bare-bones, the other is more technical. But you should read both for Tuesday. They're on the front page of the site (not readings folder)
- p2 workshops start next thursday, get a head start on formal draft this weekend
- exploratory draft due tuesday, formal draft due the following tuesday

##TMR Discussion (20 minutes hand out - 15 minutes discussion)
- Do worksheet, go over it
- Emphasize that she incorporates the sources but ultimately forges her own argument - she doesn't just reiterate any one of the sources; she uses a close reading to both demonstrate and flesh out her claim further; she's engaging in the conversation, but showing how her exhibit is worth discussing in the conversation; she's not evaluating the conversation, or evaluating her sources, nor is she evaluating her exhibit; she's **analyzing** her exhibit and its relation to the ideas in the sources

##Big Map of Connections
- Discuss narrowing down conversations

##Volunteer Workshop 3 Exhibits
- Does someone want to volunteer the three exhibits they're considering, and we can workshop them together?

##Exploratory Draft
