- Writing Prompt: What questions do you have for David Blei after reading his two essays about Topic Modeling? Remember that he will specifically be talking about writing, so try to keep the questions related to writing somehow. Could think about process, style, intersection of writing and sciences, etc.

##Blei Readings
- What questions did we come up with?
- Any thoughts about Blei readings? Ideas about topic modeling? Seem like an interesting idea to you? Do you see how it could be useful?

##Citation/Works Cited Lesson

- Have them correct hand-out, go over it

##ICE Lesson

Quotes should never be thrown in to a paper and forgotten about. A good test for this is whether, if you covered up the quote, a reader would notice that a quote even is there. Quotes for close reading (so quotes from exhibits) should be included as long as you are actually going to close read the quote. If you have a particularly long quote, it should be because you have something to say about each line of the quote. Quotes for support (so the readings for P2 that you'll be using to talk about your exhibit) should be treated similarly. That is, you should only include a support quote if you are specifically going to engage with that quote in relation to your exhibit. The same finger rule applies here.

Think about the length of the quote, how much of the quote you really need. Do you need a whole sentence, or only a few words? Could you even paraphrase? In that, case, are you really engaging with the author's own terms?

- Handout ICE worksheet - go over it

- Turn to our exploratory drafts. Find a quote that you've included. Take a couple minutes to work on it with the ICE method in mind. Properly introduce the author. Properly cite the quote. Then make sure you're re-articulating his or her ideas in your own words after, and connecting those ideas to your analysis.

##Paramedic Method Lesson

Sentence:

Central to our understanding of the nature of the relationships which exist between human
beings in Daniel Defoe’s eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe is a careful consideration
of the passage in which the print of a human foot is seen by Crusoe on the shore.

Paramedic Method:

1. Circle the prepositions (of, in, about, for, onto, into)
2. Draw a box around the "is" verb forms
3. Ask, "Where's the action?"
4. Change the "action" into a simple verb
5. Ask, "Who's doing the action"
6. Move the doer into the subject (Who's kicking whom)
7. Eliminate any redundancies.

Rewrite:
When we carefully consider the passage in which Crusoe sees a human footprint on the shore, we can better understand the relationships in Daniel Defoe's eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe.

- Sentence level revision. Everyone take a minute to look at their exploratory draft. Find a sentence that you find particularly complex or bulky -- one that you think could be rewritten more simply. It might be a run on sentence, maybe it's too long, maybe it has too many prepositional phrases (of, to, for, by)
- Ask for a volunteer - write it on the board
