- library session tuesday 3/20 in butler 203 -- go straight there, bring laptops
- p2 final draft due monday 3/19 -- will have them back to you by 3/12

##Writing Prompt

- If you've gotten your cardboard or seen a VR film in the past: pick one film you've seen and write about it. What's your general reaction to the film? What did you like/dislike about it? What was surprising about it? How was it different from a normal movie? Any other comments
- If you haven't: what's your reaction to Hayles' essay? react to one moment or general idea

##P3 Prompt (10 minutes)
- Example projects: Fight for Fallujah, video about Iraqi recapturing of Fallujah from ISIS, follows soldiers, about the problems of war time media and the potential ways VR could address those problems
- 6x9, VR film about solitary confinement, about how prisoners are usually depicted in media and how VR might provide more expansive/accurate depictions
- Most often, pick a film that either enters into another larger conversation (media and prisons, media and war, climate change, etc) - and then think about how VR film complicates that conversation, adds another layer, points out a problem, provides a potential solution etc. Could also use a VR film to think about VR more generally (more like Hayles), but that's more difficult

##Hayles Discussion (30 minutes)
- Quick background on Hayles: Literature professor at Duke University, she studies mostly contemporary literature, film, and the intersection of literature and science. She's most known for her work on "posthumanism," which is a branch of philosophy and literary criticism interested in deconstructing the a human-centric point of view. Her most famous work, "How we became posthuman," she traces the history of how we came to separate the body from information -- how we've come to imagine the virtual world as disembodied. As with other posthumanists, her position on this "posthumanism" is often ambiguous: she points out the problems with our conceptions of the virtual world, and insists on putting materiality back into that conception, but she also finds older models--like the humanistic model--problematic as well (Enlightenment philosophy also prioritizes the mind over the body).

- Will talk about Hayles and how she uses various sources next week--we'll try to think about her essay in terms of research. This week I want to think about Hayles' general argument, exhibit use, and intersecting conversation.
- What is Hayles' main claim? And why is virtual reality a particularly useful form to illustrate her claim?
- What do you make of the semiotic square? Why do you think Hayles may have included it, and what does it add to her essay? Did you find it in any way related to Hayles' topic matter?
- What "exhibits" does Hayles use in this essay? How do they complicate her thesis?
- Let's start thinking about how we can expand outward from Hayles - what kinds of other questions she raises that might be useful for branching out into our own research questions. What conversations is Hayles intersecting with? Collect on board

##Paramedic Method Lesson (20 minutes)

Sentence:

Central to our understanding of the nature of the relationships which exist between human
beings in Daniel Defoe’s eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe is a careful consideration
of the passage in which the print of a human foot is seen by Crusoe on the shore.

Paramedic Method:

1. Circle the prepositions (of, in, about, for, onto, into)
2. Draw a box around the "is" verb forms
3. Ask, "Where's the action?"
4. Change the "action" into a simple verb
5. Ask, "Who's doing the action"
6. Move the doer into the subject (Who's kicking whom)
7. Eliminate any redundancies.

Rewrite:
When we carefully consider the passage in which Crusoe sees a human footprint on the shore, we can better understand the relationships in Daniel Defoe's eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe.

- Sentence level revision. Everyone take a minute to look at their exploratory draft. Find a sentence that you find particularly complex or bulky -- one that you think could be rewritten more simply. It might be a run on sentence, maybe it's too long, maybe it has too many prepositional phrases (of, to, for, by)
- Ask for a volunteer - write it on the board

bowen absent?
