##Admin
- changed proposal due date to tuesday. but especially after our library session on thursday, you should also start research. because your exploratory draft--which will require you to find sources--will be due the following thursday. so you don't want to put that off

##harris forwarding (10 minutes)
- what is each source type?

##sources in hayles (15 minutes)
- try to find each source type in hayles

##topics, questions, problems  (10 minutes)
- give out example and go over

##p3 proposal prompt (5 minutes)

##free-write based on topics, questions, problems (10 minutes)
- pick one VR exhibit you've found intriguing so far
- free-write potential topics, questions, problems
- you might only get to topics and questions, might not get to problems
- what is a potential research topic you could imagine with this exhibit in mind? what other conversations does it intersect with? is it doing anything particularly interesting with the VR genre?
- given this topic(s), what is a question that could motivate further research? what is something you'd like to answer, and feel like you could answer?
- what would be the larger stakes of this research?

##Paramedic Method Lesson (20 minutes)

Sentence:

Central to our understanding of the nature of the relationships which exist between human
beings in Daniel Defoe’s eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe is a careful consideration
of the passage in which the print of a human foot is seen by Crusoe on the shore.

Paramedic Method:

1. Circle the prepositions (of, in, about, for, onto, into)
2. Draw a box around the "is" verb forms
3. Ask, "Where's the action?"
4. Change the "action" into a simple verb
5. Ask, "Who's doing the action"
6. Move the doer into the subject (Who's kicking whom)
7. Eliminate any redundancies.

Rewrite:
When we carefully consider the passage in which Crusoe sees a human footprint on the shore, we can better understand the relationships in Daniel Defoe's eighteenth century novel Robinson Crusoe.

- Sentence level revision. Everyone take a minute to look at their exploratory draft. Find a sentence that you find particularly complex or bulky -- one that you think could be rewritten more simply. It might be a run on sentence, maybe it's too long, maybe it has too many prepositional phrases (of, to, for, by)
- Ask for a volunteer - write it on the board

no bowen

no bowen on 11.2 as well

courseworks
