LP 17

Schedule:
- Hayles Presentation and Discussion
- Hayles Source Work

Hayles Presentation and Discussion (35 minutes)
Additional questions:
- What conversations is Hayles intersecting with? Collect on board 

Source Work with Hayles (20 minutes)
- Scan through the citations at the end of the seed text. What kinds of sources are these? Technical/scientific, literary, literary criticism, sociological, philosophical? Books, articles, newspapers, films?
- Now let's look at the sources within Hayles. We can divide kinds of sources into 4 types:
1. Illustrating: when you look at other texts for examples of the point you want to make (anecdotes, images, scenarios, exhibits)
2. Authorizing: when you evoke the status or expertise of another writer to support your thinking (stereotypical research sources, what other people have written on this topic)
3. Borrowing: when you draw on terms or ideas from other writers to use in thinking through your subject (often texts not directly related to topic on hand, but have ideas/concepts/theories that can be imported for thinking about your topic)
4. Extending: when you put your spin on terms or concepts that you take from other texts (like borrowing, but manipulating ideas, putting your own spin on them in relation to your research project... instead of "as x says," playing off of what x says)
- Let's try to find examples of these in Hayles. Look for places when she is using a source, and identify in the margins what kind of source-work it is.
- Where are most of her sources accumulating? What are the benefits and drawbacks of that kind of structure?
