LP 18
3/23

Meet in Library on Tuesday
Proposal due Tuesday (topic, question, motive)

Schedule:
- TMR Review (15 minutes)
- Doniger Discussion and Presentation (25 minutes)
- Possible conversations intersecting with VR (10 minutes)
- Topic, questions, problems/proposal discussion (25 minutes)

Review TMR worksheet (15 minutes)

Doniger Discussion and Presentation (25 minutes)
- How might she intersect with VR?

Expand intersections conversation (10 minutes)

From Topics to Questions/Questions to problems (20 minutes)  

- Get out the Booth from Topics to Questions/from Questions to Problems
- We're going to use the template that he provides on p. 49 of "From Topics to Questions" for our own stage in the research process:

I am trying to learn about (working on, studying) ________

because I want to find out who/what/when/where/whether/why/how ________

in order to help my reader understand how/why/whether __________

Things to consider:
  - Is the topic too broad? Too focused/narrow?
  - Does the question have an easily found answer? Does the question have a settled/fact answer? Will the question allow the researcher to develop her own claim? Does the question narrow the topic? Will the question guide specific and dynamic research? Can you imagine there being enough but not too much search results for this question?
  - Is the motive too much of a stretch? Is it a convincing reason to read this paper? Higher/lower stakes?

Map onto Hayles and TMR (10 minutes)

I am trying to learn about virtual reality and embodiment
because I want to find whether the body can be separated from the mind as current discussions around virtual reality and similar technologies suggest
in order to help my reader understand why the physical world is important to consider in discussions about virtual reality

I am trying to learn about anonymous' moral code
because I want to find out whether we can apply standard models of morality to a faceless, collective group like Anonymous
in order to help my reader understand how a collective group, rather than an individual, can have a moral code
