LP 20

11/10

- Black Mirror (15 minutes)
- Source Discussion (15 min)
- Question/problem/topic workshop (35 min)

Black Mirror clip (15 minutes) & Discussion
  - While you're watching, try to think about what this world brings up questions about virtual reality, media, society, perspective -- new questions or questions we've discussed already

General Source Discussion (15 minutes)
- Take a couple minutes to free write about research process so far:
  - What are you finding difficult about research so far? Any specific kind of source you're having trouble finding?
  - What has worked for you so far? Any search terms, fields, or strategies that delivered better results?
  - Have you found some databases more useful or less useful?
  - Do you have a skim-reading strategy?  How much time are you spending reading over sources?
  - How are you determining which sources to keep/not keep?
  - What is your note-taking strategy?

Topic/question/problem workshop (35 minutes)
- Go over your exploratory draft, and in another exercise underneath it (or maybe in bold within the exploratory draft) try to convert the first 3 sections into sentences, following the templates:

I am trying to learn about (working on, studying) ________

because I want to find out who/what/when/where/whether/why/how ________

in order to help my read understand how/why/whether __________  

- Get 3 volunteers to fill in templates on board and we'll discuss some them as a class:
  - Is the topic too broad? Too focused/narrow?
  - Does the question have an easily found answer? Does the question have a settled/fact answer? Will the question allow the researcher to develop her own claim? Does the question narrow the topic? Will the question guide specific and dynamic research? Can you imagine there being enough but not too much search results for this question?
  - Is the motive too much of a stretch? Is it a convincing reason to read this paper? Higher/lower stakes?
- Read the sentences out-loud, and if you want to you can briefly describe some questions you have (what you're struggling with, what you're unsure about) - this can be about the topic/question/problem or something related, and we'll get to it
