LP 21


- Sentence level and paragraph level coherence (20 minutes)
- Paragraph to essay level coherence (20 minutes)
- Exploratory Draft Peer Review (35 minutes)

Office hours sign-up on site: strongly encourage you to sign up, now is a great time to talk about P3 (Thanksgiving no office hours) - so I added extra time

After doing outline, we're going to think more about structure today. I want to emphasize the importance of small and large scale structure, so you really consider the structural decisions you make for your paper.

First I want to consider sentence/paragraph level structure.

- Everyone take out paper. Write a random sentence. Pass it to person the right. Person writes a sentence that logically follows that sentence, then folds previous sentence. Then we'll read some out loud
- Take-aways: even when you are connecting all the sentences, the larger whole might not be cohesive. We want to make sure that we transition smoothly between sentences, but that our larger paragraph has a coherent point - that you could sum up the paragraph in a topic sentence (even if you aren't starting with a "topic sentence")

Now let's consider paragraph/paper level structure.

- Take out TMR essay "Maternal Integrity" (in P3 10.27)
- Everyone will be assigned one paragraph and should write a sample topic sentence for that paragraph (so not necessarily the first sentence of the paragraph, but if you were to summarize the paragraph in one sentence). i.e. first paragraph "Ultrasound, first used to detect industrial flaws, is now the standard technology for fetal imaging"
- Mix up notecards and try to re-arrange them  

Now let's read exploratory drafts for the reminder of class.
- Really focus on the topic/question/problem, returning to the questions we asked last class during our short workshop:
  - Is the topic too broad? Too focused/narrow?
  - Does the question have an easily found answer? Does the question have a settled/fact answer? Will the question allow the researcher to develop her own claim? Does the question narrow the topic? Will the question guide specific and dynamic research? Can you imagine there being enough but not too much search results for this question?
  - Is the motive too much of a stretch? Is it a convincing reason to read this paper? Higher/lower stakes?
- Look over the sources:
  - Do you see a healthy mix of sources and source types? Are all the sources authorizing? Are any sources used as larger conceptual framework?
  - Can you imagine a reader requiring additional sources on a certain topic, given the larger research project?
- Throughout the draft, mark moments that strike you as particularly worth pursuing further. Describe what further questions you have that your peer might answer with new sources.
- Can you see a claim evolving at any point in this draft? Do you see potential points that might be fleshed out into a more concrete claim?
- Remember this is an exploratory draft! Be generous and constructive.  
