LP 23

Schedule:
- Nagel Presentation and Discussion (35 minutes)
- Intro and Conclusion lesson (25 minutes)

Nagel Presentation and Discussion (35 minutes)

Intros and Conclusions

- Intros and conclusions can sometimes seem like the least important part of our papers. We often write them last, and rely on cliches and overused formulas, simply filling in our main ideas in trite templates. But intros and conclusions are important for several reasons -- from the reader's perspective, your intro will determine whether they will keep reading, and your conclusion will leave them with the last impression of your essay. From your perspective as a writer, an intro requires you to determine the pace and tone of your whole essay, and a conclusion forces you to consider the final stakes of your essay. So I want to take some time today to look at various introductions and conclusions and consider what makes them effective or ineffective.

I'd like to highlight some of the key points of the craft reading first.

Context + statement of problem + response to problem

Think about context -> problem as stable -> unstable. Remember that problem should explain the condition of incomplete knowledge (what does the reader not realize about this context?) and the consequence of not fully knowing.

You can omit common ground if problem is well known.
You can omit consequences if they are very obvious.
If you want to show how you worked through the problem, you can state your main point in the conclusion. End of intro should be a launching point.

Now I want to see if we can find these patterns, and more specific rhetorical devices in intros/conclusions, in examples.  

New Yorker Exercise (25 minutes)

- Everyone gets a New Yorker. Find an essay (not fiction) and read just the intro and conclusion. Try to identify the rhetorical strategy of each, and write down what you think is effective about each.
Introductions:
  - Read some first lines outloud. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?
  - Think about entire introductions. Can you get a sense of what the essay will be about from the introduction? Can you grasp a claim, or does it seem the author will build to a claim?
  - What can you emulate from these introductions in your own writing?
  - Read some first lines outloud. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?
Conclusions:
  - What is different about the conclusion vs the introduction? Can you tell an entire essay has come between (not just repeating the introduction)?
  - Has it moved towards a claim? Does it provide a clear motive/the stakes of the essay?
  - Read some final lines. What are they doing? Are they setting a scene? Are they narrative, specific? Are they abstract? Are they funny? Serious?  

Try to collect some of the ideas on the board.
