
LP 24 
11.29 

- NYTimes (25 minutes) 
- Free-write (20 minutes) 
- Elevator pitch (20 minutes) 

750 opinion piece

READ outloud the NTY piece (5-10 mins)

Make our own Op-Ed checklist (borrow from Duke)
Put on board. (5-10 mins)

Think about rewriting- 5 mins, how would we do that? What did the morningside review writers do differently? 
And also think about editors based on list above and NYT piece.

Free-write a pitch- 15 mins.
Pitching exercise -15 mins
Last 15 minutes go through P3 and underline the 5 most important sentences. Write them out. Do they make a narrative? (space to cut or tear if we have time and swap to make partner do structure) If don’t get to this we can do it on Wednesday.
Reading for Wednesday: op-ed that I set.


What’s an opinion?
noun
1.
a belief or judgment that rests on grounds insufficient to produce complete certainty.
2.
a personal view, attitude, or appraisal.
3.
the formal expression of a professional judgment:
to ask for a second medical opinion.
4.
Law. the formal statement by a judge or court of the reasoning and the principles of law used in reaching a decision of a case.
5.
a judgment or estimate of a person or thing with respect to character, merit, etc.:
to forfeit someone's good opinion.
6.
a favorable estimate; esteem:
I haven't much of an opinion of him.


Whose opinions do we respect and why?


What makes an opinion successful?
Persuasiveness, position of the author, do they know their stuff, confidence, interesting angle, good recommendation for what we should do, it’s not just analysis


NEW YORK TIMES SELECTION POLICY
 Among other things, we look for timeliness, ingenuity, strength of argument, freshness of opinion, clear writing and newsworthiness. Personal experiences and first-person narrative can be great, particularly when they're in service to a larger idea. So is humor, when it's funny. Does it help to be famous? Not really. In fact, the bar of acceptance gets nudged a little higher for people who have the means to get their message out in other ways -- elected officials, heads of state, corporate titans. It's incumbent on them to say something forthright and unexpected. Op-Ed real estate is too valuable to be taken up with press releases.




SUBMISSION NYT
Are there guidelines for submitting an article? You bet. Shoot for about 750 words -- though it's worth remembering that some terrific and influential Op-Ed pieces have been as short as 300 words. Move quickly, the news does. Eschew, um, I mean, stay away from Olympian language and bureaucratic jargon (infrastructure, inputs, outlays). Write the article the way you'd like to write it -- not the way you think The Times wants you to write it. Make one argument thoroughly, point by point; the more detail the better. If you try to do too much, you can wind up with an article that, in striving to say everything, ends up saying nothing.
Also, you shouldn't feel that you have to rely on the written word alone. Maybe your point is expressed best in a chart, a graphic, an annotated illustration or a series of photographs. We're open to just about anything, so long as it's acceptable in a family newspaper. (Open letters to the president don't have a great history of success.)






PART TWO 
Rewriting/using previous work.


Reading packet
Notice difference in a research paper and an op-ed piece?


How do we think we might take previous work and re-write into an op-ed? 5 mins discussion.


If they have it printed could we do an exercise with that?


What do you have to do, do we reckon, do change a researched academic essay into an opinion piece of 750 words?


AUDIENCE – 5/10 mins


How do you know who you’re writing for?
Name some publications and who we think their audience is.
Florida sentinel- Florida people, local matter, geography.


What unites readers of the New Yorker or readers of Nature?
Interests, level of education maybe


So do you need to write a lot of background about Florida to florida people? No.


If you were writing about local place in Florida to NYT readers what would be different?


Publications and the CURRENT MOMENT








Pitching- 5 mins




Think about “pitching” on board: (get to the point)
What does an editor need to know- based on our list (other than about you)
The topic of the piece – context
The point you’re going to make/ the angle/ is it original?
Do you have evidence/ a theory for what you’re trying to say?
Why does it matter?
Why do their readers need to know?


(Is this problem, claim, evidence, motive)


Think about their former papers and free write where they could possibly pitch it and how.
Write out an elevator pitch
15-20 mins


then in pairs give them a few minutes to pitch to someone
1 minute to pitch and the “editor” has to see if they are satisfied it will meet the requirements on our list.


and pitch back.
1 minute.


Discuss- 5 mins.


Do it again but the time goes to 30 seconds.


Do it again but the time goes to 15 seconds.


Were they sold etc? what would they want to know more about? Were they confused?
Talk about it.


Then do it new partner, but the time is lowered
