LP 26
12/1

- Prompt Overview (10 minutes)
- Discussion of exercise 2 (10 minutes)
- Relevance/News/Exhibit Exercise (20 minutes)
- Audience/Context Exercise (20 minutes)
- Opening sentences (10 minutes)

Prompt Overview (10 minutes)
- No more than 800 words
- Identify a publication you would send it to - there should be a reason for it

Exercise 2 Discussion (10 minutes)
- Have some people share the op-eds they found. What made it successful? What were you surprised by? Were there any tactics you could model? How did they ground their discussion (exhibit, etc)? Was it relevant (at the time)? How much context did they give?

Relevance/Exhibit Exercise (20 minutes)
- Get key theme words on board from class.
- Everyone open up some news sites (CNN, New York Times, BBC, NPR, Wired, wherever you go to for news). Don't look at the opinion/editorial pages, but instead browse through "news" sections (you can look at political, local, international, technology news - any section). Find something that is in the news today that you can imagine writing an op-ed on. You might also just select something you've read/heard about/thought about in the past couple days and remember. Try to select something that relates in any way to science/technology, but that can be very broad (it could be, for example, the internet and something else).
- Get some examples on the board. Brainstorm different op-eds that might evolve around those topics. Try to get several different kinds of opinions around the same topic.
- Possible example - cyber monday/online retail - what can we say about this phenomenon? is it any different than regular shopping? is the ritual of black friday in opposition to online trends? or is everything just trending towards online anyway these days?

Audience/Context Exercise (15 minutes)
- Look back over the op-ed packets in partners. Consider the public and publications of these pieces. Considering the name of the publication, what kind of audience do we imagine the op-ed has? What is the relationship that the student models for them, and how does the student use it to have an impact on their actions or on their perception of an event? How does the student tailor his/her op-ed to this publication?

Adaptation (10 minutes)
- Read first chapter of David Reynold's book and the op-ed for the NYT he wrote afterwards. Have them read. While reading, consider what kind of changes Reynold's had to make for his op-ed. Tone, context, pace, directness, etc. 

Start Adapting our papers (10 minutes)
- Go through P3 - copy and paste three sentences where you are making claims into your P4 document on notecards. Have the person sitting next you read them and consider what order seems most logical for them, discuss turning those particular claims into an op-ed.
