LP 27
12/6

- Moral Machine (10 minutes)
- Adaptation Exercise (15 minutes)
- Workshop 3-5 op-eds (30 minutes)
- Template exercise (40 minutes)

Play moral machine (10 minutes)
- Discuss
- If you were to write an op-ed on any aspect of this, what are the potential directions you could take it?

Adaptation (15 minutes)
- Read first chapter of David Reynold's book and the op-ed for the NYT he wrote afterwards. Have them read. While reading, consider what kind of changes Reynold's had to make for his op-ed. Tone, context, pace, directness, etc.

Workshop 5 op-eds (30 minutes)
- Briefly describe the publication you have in mind (you can read right off your exploratory draft)
- As they are speaking, someone else jot down the key terms on the white board
- Have a handout of workshop to open up a dialogue - so you might comment based on these questions, or ask the writer a question off this list (for example, i didn't notice that you had a style picked out yet - what were you thinking for a style?)

Template Exercise (40 minutes)

I want to argue that... because....

[We should not program self-driving cars according to the trolley problem, because we do not have a clear consensus yet on the trolley problem, and even if we did, a simple mass survey is not how we should face tough ethical questions.]

I want to publish...

[Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, because Pittsburgh has self-driving Ubers]

How? What? Why?

[What does the trolley problem entail, and how does it relate to self-driving cars? How do you know that we do not have a clear consensus on the trolley problem yet? Why is a mass survey not a way to face an ethical problem?]

What if ...

[There were another way to get consensus on the trolley problem? For example, what if a bunch of ethicists decide on the trolley problem and we program the car accordingly?]

But...

[There may be no way around programming self-driving cars this way - this might be an inevitable problem to program]
