### Reading Response 2: Leslie Jamison, "The Empathy Exams"

Carefully choose a motif that you’d like to close read. By motif, I simply mean a recurring pattern in the text. This might be an image, a word, a phrase, a question, a formal structure, etc. It should occur in more than one place in the text, but not solely in consecutive sentences. As with a passage, you should look for a pattern that is stylistically and/or formally rich--where Jamison's language and/or form complicates her meaning. It might be a motif that you found confusing, unnerving, strange, or exciting. Underline its recurrence throughout the text; think about the meaning and purpose of the motif in its individual occurrences, as a collective pattern, and in the context of the larger paper.

Type up 2-4 occurrences of the motif. Try to provide as much quotation as you think a reader would need to understand the immediate context of the motif in its occurrences. For example, if you're tracing a single word in three separate sentences, it might be useful to type up each sentence (not just quote the word three times). You can also describe parts of the motif in your own words if typing it out would be too lengthy. Then, underneath your quotes/paraphrase, write your **observation**(s)--what is unique about this motif? What are particularly noteworthy words or phrases? Why are they noteworthy? Or is Jamison's structure or form noteworthy throughout this motif? And why? Then build a **claim** off that observation--what is the effect of Jamison's style/form/language throughout this motif? How does your observation relate to or complicate the larger point she is making in individual passages? How does it relate to or complicate the larger point she makes in this paper?

Copy and paste this response in the "Jamison" Google Doc in the Reading Response folder on the Google Site. Make sure to include your name first (in bold).
